So checking the chat room here,
don't be shy.
We've kind of just been burning
through a ton of stuff here.
How about my,
>> A couple
about sanitizing inputs and
use cases for two way bindings.
>> Yeah, so I didn't answer
the two way binding question
that's typically on
a template driven form.
And now if you're sanitizing, so
it depends on what you mean by sanitation.
Now one thing that Angular does not like
enabled by default is the ability
to render raw HTML in the DOM.
And so if you're going to do that,
you have to explicitly enable that.
And so going back to here,
let me see if I can Find this real quick.
So they have in the core they
have the sanitizer class
that essentially allows you to take HTML,
sanitize it and then render it.
So you definitely want to be careful
about rendering just like raw HTML.
There is a use case for
that, but by default, for
the sake of security that's turned off and
so what you have to do is
if you want to do that,
you essentially have to enable that.
And so that is,
there is a sanitation service.
And I did not have an example here.
I occasionally I have had to use this
typically when I do I need to go look
that up.
Let me see if I can find
something real quick.
Actually,let me see let's
try something here.
So typically if I'm looking for
a working example of really
anything the two techniques
that I will use is I feel like
everybody's sort of
Stack Overflow driven development,
sod or whatever, but
you really kind of have,
I would say you have
Stack Overflow driven development
which I'm not ashamed to
admit that I use frequently.
Where's like, what's up with this problem?
Working example.
I'm just going to copy this in.
The other piece is document
driven development,
which we saw with angular material.
Another one that I've started
using that I found to be
really helpful so
you guys are getting all my tips and
tricks here is if I need to
see something I'll do like,
in this case Angular sanitizer,
stack Blitz.
And, more often than not surprisingly,
you'll find somebody so
stacks Blitz is by default,
our public is an example of,
something where you can look and
be like, this is being sanitized.
And so I realized actually,
there's a couple things I can actually
talk about in the next thing.
So we'll talk about kind of dependency
injection and services in a little bit,
but that's how you would do that is
using essentially DOM sanitizer,
and then you just sanitize that.
Let me see.
Yeah, a couple questions here.
So, can I explain what ng template does.
Really what ng template
does is It's a way to
take the DOM and then Angular will
then go and insert those empty
templates into the code to essentially
manipulate the DOM under the hooded.
So it's kind of how Angular
hooks into the DOM for that.
And so for
instance ng4 is it's looping over is it's
actually creating those
entity template elements for
Angular to manipulate the DOM.
So it's just a kind of a holder for that.
So that's what ng template does.
To something like view dev tools,
reactive tools exist, totally.
And actually,
when I'm doing state management
that I actually use Redux dev tools.
And so as well as there's
another component called augury,
which I don't use a ton.
Typically I'll just kind
of parse the DOM in or
I can just do it right from the console.
But there definitely is Redux dev
tools which I use quite a bit.